Please see README for the up-to-date text and status.

People wishing to submit RIPs, first should propose their idea or document to the mailing list: (https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ripple-improvement-proposals). After discussion they should email: william@wksit.com. After copy-editing and acceptance, it will be published here.

We are fairly liberal with approving RIPs, and try not to be too involved in decision making on behalf of the community. The exception is in very rare cases of dispute resolution when a decision is contentious and cannot be agreed upon. In those cases, the conservative option will always be preferred.

Having a RIP here does not make it a formally accepted standard until its status becomes Active. For a RIP to become Active requires the mutual consent of the community.

Those proposing changes should consider that ultimately consent may rest with the consensus of the Ripple users.

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="width: auto; text-align: center; font-size: smaller; table-layout: fixed;"
! Number
! Title
! Owner
! Type
! Status
|-
| [[rip-0001.mediawiki|1]]
| RIP Purpose and Guidelines
| William K. Santiago
| Standard
| Draft
|-
|- style="background-color: #cfffcf"
| 2
| Future Proposal
| Future Contributor Owner
| Standard
| Active
|-
|- style="background-color: #ffcfcf"
| 3
| Future Proposal
| Future Contributor Owner
| Standard
| Withdrawn
|-
|- style="background-color: #cfffcf"
| 4
| Future Proposal
| Future Contributor Owner
| Informational
| Accepted
|-
| 5
| Future Proposal
| Future Contributor Owner
| Informational
| RIP number allocated
|-
| 6
| Future Proposal
| Future Contributor Owner
| Informational
| Final
|}

<!-- IMPORTANT!  See the instructions at the top of this page, do NOT JUST add BIPs here! -->
